Well then, shall we get right to it?
Here it comes!
Die!
He's fast!
To think that Hiruko's tail fell to pieces...
You've got some pretty good moves, Granny Chiyo.
In that case, how about this?
Oh no!
Take this!
With the old lady manipulating things, it's impossible to get anywhere.
In that case...
Oh, no! Sakura! Hold your breath!
Is it poison?!
Sakura--!
I guess it's about time to start...
Hold it, damn you!
How lucky of me... to take on two Jinchuriki...
Damn!
Naruto!
I'm not about to let him get away!
Kakashi Sensei!
Against a Copy Ninja,
I guess one Detonating Clay is a little pathetic...
Having said that, there's only a little Detonating Clay left.
I was intending to only lure out the Jinchuriki, but...
This is troublesome...
You jerk...wait!
Wait, Naruto!
We've moved too far away from Sakura and the others.
If we move even further away, the radio transmission will...
I won't be able to contact Guy's group...
We better hurry...
Chiyo's Secret Skills
You ain't seen nothing yet!
Damn...
There'll be no end to it this way...
Rotation!
Damn... What should I do?
Fighting against yourself... What the heck should I do?
Leaf...Hurricane.
I'm really starting to get tired...
This poison will kill that girl for sure...
I'm okay! I managed not to inhale it...
Sakura!
You think I'll let you do that!
Th-This is...!
It's a Kunai Knife with a rope attached.
You should have repelled it, rather than dodge it, eh?
I can't hold my breath...
Sakura!
So you're determined not to let Sakura go, are you?
It's useless, Granny Chiyo.
The poison will kill you by inhaling it even with the slightest dose.
Sakura...
Looks like it's over...
Naruto...
I'm sorry, Naruto...
It'll mean I'll keep you waiting a little,
but I promise
I won't be a burden next time...
I promised Naruto...
that this time I wouldn't be a burden...
I promised him that...this time...
I would protect the two of them...
I...can't...in a place like this!
The poisonous smoke will stop in a minute...
Hang in there, Sakura!
I didn't plant only one source of poisonous smoke...
What?!
Sakura! Hold on!
I...can't die...
in a place like this!
What!
Sakura!
Sakura, hang in there... Sakura!
Not bad...
This is bad! She's not breathing!
Are you all right, Sakura?
Y-Yes...
She...
Did she use the blast waves of a Paper Bomb
to blow off the poisonous smoke?
Along with herself in it, escaping the trap in the process...
How reckless of her...!
You...!
I will capture you!
Even if my arms and legs were to be blown off...
Even if I were to swallow poison and become immobile...
I will capture you, no matter what!
No matter how much you might resist...
No matter what tricks you come up with...
I will make you tell me everything about Orochimaru!
You hear me?!
Even though I said I'd take the Jinchuriki,
the Copy Ninja is a nuisance.
I have to somehow separate him from the Jinchuriki.
Kakashi Sensei!
Awesome!
That guy is trying by any means possible
to separate me from Naruto...
I see... So he's trying to go against Naruto one-on-one.
Damn! So my strategy failed, huh.
I guess my only choice is to target the two of them together.
I only have a little Detonating Clay left...
If I knew it was gonna come to this,
I should have prepared some more Detonating Clay
back at the base...
Well, I do have a trump card...
Huh?!
When a woman is talking, a man should listen quietly.
Oh...those things...
So you remember these, huh...
Yeah, I guess...
That's right...
They're the first puppets you ever made.
The father and...
the mother.
Father and mother?
You mean, Sasori's...
So what do you plan to do with those now, huh?
Those are puppets I made. I already know its tricks.
This is stupid...
I wonder about that...
A wire?
Sakura! Stand back!
Okay!
Amazing...
This is getting messy.
I better hurry up and use this thing...
As I thought, that puppet...
uses the Third Kazekage's Jutsu!
You haven't seen this in a while, have you...?
This Jutsu is why the Third Kazekage was praised as the most powerful.
I'm gonna turn you guys into mush.
What the heck is that?
That was the most feared weapon of the Village Hidden in the Sand.
The Iron Sand.
Once upon a time,
there was a village in where a boy lived.
He was as cute as a button and had flaming red hair...
Who took millet dumplings along as he set out to kill the ogres, right!
What are you talking about?
The story goes: "He headed out shouldering a broad axe."
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Wrong, wrong. He lived happily with his parents.
And, rescued a turtle or something?
Not even close.
Huh, I quit, I quit.
I don't even know what story I was talking about anymore.
- Huh? What happens next? - Huh? What happens next?
Next time: "Father and Mother"